feat: hmr integration (#95)
florian-lefebvre/astro-integration-kit: .changeset/silly-chefs-worry.md

---
"astro-integration-kit": minor
---

> Exposes a new `hmrIntegration` from `astro-integration-kit`. It's now recommended inside your local playground to get development HMR instead of using `watchIntegration`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exposes a new `hmrIntegration` integration from `astro-integration-kit`. It's now recommended inside your local playground to use development HMR instead of using the `watchIntegration` utility
```

Should "get" be "use"? I'm not 100% sure what this means, apologies!
